content/english/_index.md, before:

---
############################### Banner #################################
banner:
  enable : true
  bg_image : "images/background/banner.png"
  title : "Automating Your Business Together"
  watermark : "CMPSOARES"
  content : "We will collaborate with the automation of your Business, Digital Transformation and Presence."
  image : "images/banner/banner-1.png"
  button:
    enable : true
    label : "Contact Us"
    link : "contact"

############################## Partners #################################
partner:
  enable: true
  subtitle: "partners"
  title: "We work with the major tech brands"
  partner_logo:
  - logo_image: "images/partner/amazon-web-services-logo-colour.png"
    partner_url: "https://aws.amazon.com/"
    line: 1
  - logo_image: "images/partner/slack-logo-colour.png"
    partner_url: "https://slack.com/"
    line: 1
  - logo_image: "images/partner/zapier-logo-colour.png"
    partner_url: "https://zapier.com/"
    line: 1
  - logo_image: "images/partner/microsoft-azure-logo-colour.png"
    partner_url: "https://azure.microsoft.com/"
    line: 1
  - logo_image: "images/partner/elastic-logo-colour.png"
    partner_url: "https://www.elastic.co/"
    line: 1
  - logo_image: "images/partner/google-cloud-platform-logo-colour.png"
    partner_url: "https://cloud.google.com/"
    line: 2
  - logo_image: "images/partner/shopify-logo-colour.png"
    partner_url: "https://www.shopify.com/"
    line: 2
  - logo_image: "images/partner/netlify-logo-colour.png"
    partner_url: "https://www.netlify.com/"
    line: 2
  - logo_image: "images/partner/github-logo-colour.png"
    partner_url: "https://github.com/"
    line: 2
  - logo_image: "images/partner/findmore-consulting-logo-colour_x100.png"
    partner_url: "https://www.findmore.pt/"
    line: 2

################################ Features ###############################
feature:
  enable : false
  subtitle : "features"
  title : "exclusive features"
  feature_item:
    # feature item loop
    - name : "Free Trial"
      image : "images/feature/feature-1.png"
      content : "Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet consectetur elit sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt labore dolore magna."
      
    # feature item loop
    - name : "No Setup"
      image : "images/feature/feature-2.png"
      content : "Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet consectetur elit sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt labore dolore magna."

    # feature item loop
    - name : "Optimized Data"
      image : "images/feature/feature-3.png"
      content : "Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet consectetur elit sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt labore dolore magna."

##################################### About #############################
about:
  enable : true
  about_item:
    # about item loop
    - image : "images/about/about-1.png"
      subtitle : "our services"
      title : "Eausmod tempor magna nostrud exercitation"
      content : "Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipisicing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor
              incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam quis nostrud
              exercitation ullamco laboris nisi aliquip commodo consequat. duis aute."
      button:
        enable : true
        label : "read more"
        link : "service"
        
    # about item loop
    - image : "images/about/about-2.png"
      subtitle : "about CMPSoares"
      title : "Reaching "
      content : "Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipisicing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor
              incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam quis nostrud
              exercitation ullamco laboris nisi aliquip commodo consequat. duis aute."
      button:
        enable : true
        label : "read more"
        link : "about"

############################## technology #################################
technology:
  enable: true
  subtitle: "technology"
  title: "We deliver solutions with some of the latest technologies"
  technology_logo:
  - logo_image: "images/technology/ansible-logo-colour.png"
    technology_url: "https://www.ansible.com/"
    line: 1
  - logo_image: "images/technology/hashicorp-terraform-logo-colour.png"
    technology_url: "https://www.terraform.io/"
    line: 1
  - logo_image: "images/technology/docker-logo-colour.png"
    technology_url: "https://www.docker.com/"
    line: 1
  - logo_image: "images/technology/kubernetes-logo-colour.png"
    technology_url: "https://kubernetes.io/"
    line: 1
  - logo_image: "images/technology/jenkins-logo-colour.png"
    technology_url: "https://www.jenkins.io/"
    line: 1
  - logo_image: "images/technology/go-language-logo-colour.png"
    technology_url: "https://golang.org/"
    line: 2
  - logo_image: "images/technology/nodejs-logo-colour.png"
    technology_url: "https://nodejs.org/"
    line: 2
  - logo_image: "images/technology/dart-programming-language-logo-colour.png"
    technology_url: "https://dart.dev/"
    line: 2
  - logo_image: "images/technology/google-flutter-logo-colour.png"
    technology_url: "https://flutter.dev/"
    line: 2
  - logo_image: "images/technology/python-logo-colour.png"
    technology_url: "https://www.python.org/"
    line: 2
  - logo_image: "images/technology/hugo-logo-colour.png"
    technology_url: "https://gohugo.io/"
    line: 3
  - logo_image: "images/technology/wordpress-logo-colour.png"
    technology_url: "https://wordpress.com/"
    line: 3
  - logo_image: "images/technology/woocommerce-logo-colour.png"
    technology_url: "https://woocommerce.com/"
    line: 3

############################ video ###############################
promo_video:
  enable : false
  video_thumbnail : "images/check-video.png"
  video_link : "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VufDd-QL1c0"
  subtitle : "Check Video"
  title : "Best Way to Chat Your Customers."
  content : "Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipisicing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi aliquip commodo consequat. duis aute.
  

  Reprehenderit in voluptate velit esse cillum dolore eu fugiat nulla pariatur excepteur sint occaecat cupidatat non proident."

# testimonial
testimonial:
  enable : false
  subtitle : "testimonial"
  title : "What Our Clients Says?"
  testimonial_item:
    # testimonial item loop
    - name : "Alice kelly"
      designation : "Happy client"
      content : Lorem ipsum dolor amet constur adipi sicing elit sed eiusmtempor incid dolore magna aliqu.
            enim minim veniam quis nostrud exercittion.ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip excepteur sint occaecat cuida
            tat nonproident sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollit anim id est laborum. sed ut perspiciatis.
            
    # testimonial item loop
    - name : "Alice kelly"
      designation : "Happy client"
      content : Lorem ipsum dolor amet constur adipi sicing elit sed eiusmtempor incid dolore magna aliqu.
            enim minim veniam quis nostrud exercittion.ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip excepteur sint occaecat cuida
            tat nonproident sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollit anim id est laborum. sed ut perspiciatis.
            
    # testimonial item loop
    - name : "Alice kelly"
      designation : "Happy client"
      content : Lorem ipsum dolor amet constur adipi sicing elit sed eiusmtempor incid dolore magna aliqu.
            enim minim veniam quis nostrud exercittion.ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip excepteur sint occaecat cuida
            tat nonproident sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollit anim id est laborum. sed ut perspiciatis.
            
    # testimonial item loop
    - name : "Alice kelly"
      designation : "Happy client"
      content : Lorem ipsum dolor amet constur adipi sicing elit sed eiusmtempor incid dolore magna aliqu.
            enim minim veniam quis nostrud exercittion.ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip excepteur sint occaecat cuida
            tat nonproident sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollit anim id est laborum. sed ut perspiciatis.
            
    # testimonial item loop
    - name : "Alice kelly"
      designation : "Happy client"
      content : Lorem ipsum dolor amet constur adipi sicing elit sed eiusmtempor incid dolore magna aliqu.
            enim minim veniam quis nostrud exercittion.ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip excepteur sint occaecat cuida
            tat nonproident sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollit anim id est laborum. sed ut perspiciatis.

############################## Download ###########################
download:
  enable : false
  title : "Download Agico Now"
  image : "images/download-mobile-img.jpg"
  content : "Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipisicing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam quis nostrud exercitation."
  playstore:
    label : "Google Play"
    link : "#"
  appstore:
    label : "app store"
    link : "#"

    
############################## pricing ###########################
pricing:
  enable : false
  section : "pricing"
  show_items : 3
  # pricing item comes from "content/*/pricing.md"
---

Commit message:

Last updates in services and about text

content/english/_index.md, after:

---
############################### Banner #################################
banner:
  enable : true
  bg_image : "images/background/banner.png"
  title : "Automating Your Business Together"
  watermark : "CMPSOARES"
  content : "We will collaborate with the automation of your Business, Digital Transformation and Presence."
  image : "images/banner/banner-1.png"
  button:
    enable : true
    label : "Contact Us"
    link : "contact"

############################## Partners #################################
partner:
  enable: true
  subtitle: "partners"
  title: "We work with the major tech brands"
  partner_logo:
  - logo_image: "images/partner/amazon-web-services-logo-colour.png"
    partner_url: "https://aws.amazon.com/"
    line: 1
  - logo_image: "images/partner/slack-logo-colour.png"
    partner_url: "https://slack.com/"
    line: 1
  - logo_image: "images/partner/zapier-logo-colour.png"
    partner_url: "https://zapier.com/"
    line: 1
  - logo_image: "images/partner/microsoft-azure-logo-colour.png"
    partner_url: "https://azure.microsoft.com/"
    line: 1
  - logo_image: "images/partner/elastic-logo-colour.png"
    partner_url: "https://www.elastic.co/"
    line: 1
  - logo_image: "images/partner/google-cloud-platform-logo-colour.png"
    partner_url: "https://cloud.google.com/"
    line: 2
  - logo_image: "images/partner/shopify-logo-colour.png"
    partner_url: "https://www.shopify.com/"
    line: 2
  - logo_image: "images/partner/netlify-logo-colour.png"
    partner_url: "https://www.netlify.com/"
    line: 2
  - logo_image: "images/partner/github-logo-colour.png"
    partner_url: "https://github.com/"
    line: 2
  - logo_image: "images/partner/findmore-consulting-logo-colour_x100.png"
    partner_url: "https://www.findmore.pt/"
    line: 2

################################ Features ###############################
feature:
  enable : false
  subtitle : "features"
  title : "exclusive features"
  feature_item:
    # feature item loop
    - name : "Free Trial"
      image : "images/feature/feature-1.png"
      content : "Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet consectetur elit sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt labore dolore magna."
      
    # feature item loop
    - name : "No Setup"
      image : "images/feature/feature-2.png"
      content : "Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet consectetur elit sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt labore dolore magna."

    # feature item loop
    - name : "Optimized Data"
      image : "images/feature/feature-3.png"
      content : "Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet consectetur elit sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt labore dolore magna."

##################################### About #############################
about:
  enable : true
  about_item:
    # about item loop
    - image : "images/about/about-1.png"
      subtitle : "our services"
      title : "Flexible solutions for your Business"
      content : "We are professionals with years of experience in Software & Application Development, Process Automation, Cloud and On-Prem Infrastructure Orchestration, Site Reliability and DevOps Practices.<br><br>We can assist you and your team with your solution design and development needs."
      button:
        enable : true
        label : "read more"
        link : "service"
        
    # about item loop
    - image : "images/about/about-2.png"
      subtitle : "about CMPSoares"
      title : "Who we are"
      content : "We develop services, digitally transforming the business, and helping migrate to the cloud, renew legacy applications and train professionals in achieving the latest practices in productivity, DevOps, distributed systems and cloud software."
      button:
        enable : true
        label : "read more"
        link : "about"

############################## technology #################################
technology:
  enable: true
  subtitle: "technology"
  title: "We deliver solutions with some of the latest technologies"
  technology_logo:
  - logo_image: "images/technology/ansible-logo-colour.png"
    technology_url: "https://www.ansible.com/"
    line: 1
  - logo_image: "images/technology/hashicorp-terraform-logo-colour.png"
    technology_url: "https://www.terraform.io/"
    line: 1
  - logo_image: "images/technology/docker-logo-colour.png"
    technology_url: "https://www.docker.com/"
    line: 1
  - logo_image: "images/technology/kubernetes-logo-colour.png"
    technology_url: "https://kubernetes.io/"
    line: 1
  - logo_image: "images/technology/jenkins-logo-colour.png"
    technology_url: "https://www.jenkins.io/"
    line: 1
  - logo_image: "images/technology/go-language-logo-colour.png"
    technology_url: "https://golang.org/"
    line: 2
  - logo_image: "images/technology/nodejs-logo-colour.png"
    technology_url: "https://nodejs.org/"
    line: 2
  - logo_image: "images/technology/dart-programming-language-logo-colour.png"
    technology_url: "https://dart.dev/"
    line: 2
  - logo_image: "images/technology/google-flutter-logo-colour.png"
    technology_url: "https://flutter.dev/"
    line: 2
  - logo_image: "images/technology/python-logo-colour.png"
    technology_url: "https://www.python.org/"
    line: 2
  - logo_image: "images/technology/hugo-logo-colour.png"
    technology_url: "https://gohugo.io/"
    line: 3
  - logo_image: "images/technology/wordpress-logo-colour.png"
    technology_url: "https://wordpress.com/"
    line: 3
  - logo_image: "images/technology/woocommerce-logo-colour.png"
    technology_url: "https://woocommerce.com/"
    line: 3

############################ video ###############################
promo_video:
  enable : false
  video_thumbnail : "images/check-video.png"
  video_link : "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VufDd-QL1c0"
  subtitle : "Check Video"
  title : "Best Way to Chat Your Customers."
  content : "Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipisicing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi aliquip commodo consequat. duis aute.
  

  Reprehenderit in voluptate velit esse cillum dolore eu fugiat nulla pariatur excepteur sint occaecat cupidatat non proident."

# testimonial
testimonial:
  enable : false
  subtitle : "testimonial"
  title : "What Our Clients Says?"
  testimonial_item:
    # testimonial item loop
    - name : "Alice kelly"
      designation : "Happy client"
      content : Lorem ipsum dolor amet constur adipi sicing elit sed eiusmtempor incid dolore magna aliqu.
            enim minim veniam quis nostrud exercittion.ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip excepteur sint occaecat cuida
            tat nonproident sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollit anim id est laborum. sed ut perspiciatis.
            
    # testimonial item loop
    - name : "Alice kelly"
      designation : "Happy client"
      content : Lorem ipsum dolor amet constur adipi sicing elit sed eiusmtempor incid dolore magna aliqu.
            enim minim veniam quis nostrud exercittion.ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip excepteur sint occaecat cuida
            tat nonproident sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollit anim id est laborum. sed ut perspiciatis.
            
    # testimonial item loop
    - name : "Alice kelly"
      designation : "Happy client"
      content : Lorem ipsum dolor amet constur adipi sicing elit sed eiusmtempor incid dolore magna aliqu.
            enim minim veniam quis nostrud exercittion.ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip excepteur sint occaecat cuida
            tat nonproident sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollit anim id est laborum. sed ut perspiciatis.
            
    # testimonial item loop
    - name : "Alice kelly"
      designation : "Happy client"
      content : Lorem ipsum dolor amet constur adipi sicing elit sed eiusmtempor incid dolore magna aliqu.
            enim minim veniam quis nostrud exercittion.ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip excepteur sint occaecat cuida
            tat nonproident sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollit anim id est laborum. sed ut perspiciatis.
            
    # testimonial item loop
    - name : "Alice kelly"
      designation : "Happy client"
      content : Lorem ipsum dolor amet constur adipi sicing elit sed eiusmtempor incid dolore magna aliqu.
            enim minim veniam quis nostrud exercittion.ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip excepteur sint occaecat cuida
            tat nonproident sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollit anim id est laborum. sed ut perspiciatis.

############################## Download ###########################
download:
  enable : false
  title : "Download Agico Now"
  image : "images/download-mobile-img.jpg"
  content : "Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipisicing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam quis nostrud exercitation."
  playstore:
    label : "Google Play"
    link : "#"
  appstore:
    label : "app store"
    link : "#"

    
############################## pricing ###########################
pricing:
  enable : false
  section : "pricing"
  show_items : 3
  # pricing item comes from "content/*/pricing.md"
---
